May 14th, 2016
The girls are at the film site for first photo shooting test!
Photographer: I hope you know more about the feeling of this pose
Photographer: As you see, the whole concept is comfortable feeling
HeeJin: I think I’m going to forget when I stand in front of the camera…
HyunJin: Pressure, a lot of pressure
HeeJin: I’m nervous…
HyunJin: (I’m) Good at this!
HeeJin: I’ll do my best…!
HeeJin: 1, 2, 3
Everything was very strange for the girls at that time!
'What’s the concept?'
HyunJin: I don’t know…
HyunJin: Just… a girl…
'Do you like it?'
HyunJin: Yes!
HyunJin: I think it doesn’t suit me…
She looks fresh!
Even though it’s 9 months ago, her beauty had not changed at all